Customer Login

User Story

As a customer, I want to be able to log into my account so that I can access my features and previous data.

Why this adds value to the project

This adds value to the project because with login, we are allowing account access for users. Because of this, users are able to securely view and use features that are within their personal account. Example: orders, profile, customizations, etc.

What layers it touches:

• UI – Login page
• Backend – login route and authentication
• Database – user table lookup
• External API if applicable

1. Problem Statement

What problem does this solve? Users need a secure authentication mechanism to access personalized features. Without login functionality, user specific data such as saved builds and profile information cannot be protected or retrieved.

2. User Flow

Step by step from start to finish

user goes to login page

user enters username or email, and password

user clicks login

front end sends request to backend

backend executes inputs

if user does not exist, then return an error

backend verifies user password

if password is valid within the database, then backend returns success.

If password is invalid, then frontend will display an error message

frontend will redirect user to homepage when login is successful

3. Technical Plan

Frontend changes – create login page with username and password fields. Also an enter button, and then after, I will send a request to /login and display success or an error message depending on if it works or not.

Backend routes – confirm proper /login route, validate that both username and password are there, compare password, return success or error.

Database changes - Using the users table, I will ensure that fields such as id, username, and password exists.

Files expected to be created or modified - with the frontend, I will create a login page file and a navigation file. With the backend I will modify my server.js and db.js file.

4. API Changes

New routes – POST /login route

Modified routes

Request and response structure – the request will include username and password, and the response will include “login successful” or “invalid credentials”, or an error message if the server or database fails.

5. Database Changes

Database Changes – no new tables are needed, I will be using the existing tables

New tables
Schema updates
New fields

6. Acceptance Criteria

Clear definition of done
Must be testable

user will submit login form

the backend will check the database

successful login returns dashboard

unsuccessful login returns an error message

making sure this is an independent feature, and can be demoed alone